---
layout: travel
title: "Southern Italy & Sicily : Day 11 - Taormina & Siracusa "
---

Southern Italy & Sicily
=======================

Day 11 - Taormina & Siracusa
----------------------------

*Monday, 12 April 2004*

My whole life I have heard about Siracusa — from Greek myths to my
Sicilian barber to watching all those WWII films to going to school in
upstate New York near Syracuse — I had to go. Its all the way in the
south-east corner of Sicily and so lovely and rundown. The streets were
nearly empty, but still, real people lived there.

<a href="/assets/images/travel/2004italy/siracusa_duomo_piazza.jpg" title="See larger version of - Siracusa's Piazza around the Duomo"><img src="/assets/images/travel/2004italy/siracusa_duomo_piazza.jpg" width="500" alt="Siracusa's Piazza around the Duomo" class="photo right" /></a>

It took a little work to find out how to park legally, I finally had to
go into a massage parlor to ask a lovely bartender to explain how the
system works. It happens to be identical to the CPZ system in London,
where you have to buy scratch off tickets from a tobacco shop, scratch
off the start time and then put them on your dashboard. By the end of
it, I had the parking attendant, the bartender and a tobacconist all
helping us.

From the new town, it was a short walk to the bridges into the old town.
We were created with a lovely fish and vegetable market. Too bad we had
a whole day and no cooler. Then we came across a man with a horse and
cart offering a tour of the city. Another man with two small children
was discussing with this wife whether to take it. I grabbed him and
suggested we share and negotiate together. Worked perfectly, we all
piled on and got a great two hour trip around to see the city walls, the
old port and the duomo.

<a href="/assets/images/travel/2004italy/siracusa_duomo_statue.jpg" title="See larger version of - Statue on the Siracusa Duomo" ><img src="/assets/images/travel/2004italy/siracusa_duomo_statue.jpg" width="500" /></a>

The church was fairly small, with massive columns, but really lovely and
cool inside. The piazza was so sun-baked it was difficult to see. The
effect was amazing. The tour ended here. We walked along and got some
sandwiches and walked to the sea front.

On the way out of the old town we found another market closing down,
more like a car boot sale really. The kids loved all the junked radios
and electronic stuff.

<a href="/assets/images/travel/2004italy/Siracusa_Duomo.jpg" title="See larger version of - Siracusa Duomo"><img src="/assets/images/travel/2004italy/Siracusa_Duomo.jpg" width="500" /></a>

Then we found a nice park in the new city with a cafe selling gelato and
drinks. It was the first playground in a week and the boys had a ball.
On the drive home, the both fell asleep the whole trip.

At home we went down to the Isola Bella beach, which is fairly rocky,
and climbed over the Isola Bella island. There was a couple rolling
around together in an inappropriate manner. Ryan thought they were
wrestling and jumped on them. Scared the man half to death, very funny.

For dinner we went up into the city and had a lovely pizza, pasta norma
and more cannoli.

\[ [day 12 —Taormina & Casale](/travel/2004italy/day12.html) \]
